[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 biographical or drama
film darkest hour so let's get started
the film opens in England May 1940 with
the Labour Party demanding the
resignation of British Prime Minister
Neville Chamberlain for his failures
with the Nazis
Chamberlain tells the Conservative Party
that he wants Lord Halifax to replace
him but Halifax doesn't want to become
Prime Minister just yet Chamberlain is
forced to go with Winston Churchill the
First Lord of the Admiralty the only
candidate that the other parties will
support Churchill is a grouchy and hard
to understand man and quickly upsets his
new secretary Elizabeth Leighton
Churchill is reluctantly invited by King
George the sixth to form a government
including Chamberlain and Halifax
Churchill also does not have a great
reputation with his previous position
parts of Parliament want to negotiate
for peace with Hitler but Churchill
refuses believing the Nazis to be
untrustworthy Churchill also lies to the
public about how the Allies are losing
the Battle of France losing some respect
from the French prime minister Halifax
and Chamberlain attempt a set of
negotiations with Germany using the
Italian ambassador Giuseppe best Denis
as a negotiator Halifax and Chamberlain
were both high members in their party
plan to resign if Churchill refuses with
the intent of causing a vote of
no-confidence which would allow Halifax
now to become the prime minister as this
is all going on in parliament the Battle
of Dunkirk is going on where hundreds of
thousands of Allied troops are
surrounded on the coast of France
against the advice of the War Cabinet
Churchill has the 30th Infantry Brigade
lead a suicide attack in order to
distract the enemy so that the soldiers
at Dunkirk can be evacuated though it
looks grim under the name operation
dynamo and with the help of civilians
and soldiers alike over 300,000 lives
are rescued the defeat in France has the
War Cabinet pushing for negotiations
with Germany King George unexpectedly
visits Churchill one night the king
expresses that he does not wanted to
flee to Canada and rule
exile while England is attack intell's
Churchill that he supports continuing
the war with Germany still uncertain
what to do
Churchill ends up asking passengers on
the London Underground what they think
and the citizens overwhelmingly support
going to war Churchill then meets with
members of parliament who also support
him following the success of operation
dynamo Churchill prepares to address
Parliament and Halifax asks Chamberlain
to continue with their plan to resign
but Chamberlain is unsure towards the
end of his speech
Churchill states we shall fight on the
beaches should Germany invade
Chamberlain decides to support Churchill
and the Parliament breaks out in an
overwhelming applause as the film
concludes we see Churchill's quote
stating success is not final failure is
not fatal it is courage to continue that
counts so that was a spoiler for darkest
hour if you have another film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching